General Ye searched the entire warehouse
I didn't find the pastor's sister and the roadside taro
What just happened in here?
Governor Su, how is the situation on your side?
I captured Luo Zhong according to the orders of the Queen
Controlled Luo Yongjiang
Luo Yongjiang to save his life
Provides a very important clue
He said that Lin Jing, the rich general by Ye Jiangzhi's side
It's a thief's spy
What? Can you say that again?
Lin Jing is a spy
He attacked the ruined warehouse
Seriously injured the queen
As a result, the Queen was captured alive by Taro Watanabe
Taro Watanabe should now bring the Queen
I went to see the turtle tianwu battle
Bastard General Ye
What's wrong?
The world is in danger
Leave with me now
Go after Taro Watanabe
That dog thing is
General Yi, what about those squid?
Thieves mess up my southern border
In vain, my heart of Great Xia will not die
Everyone gets killed
Not a single one